321 Happy New Year
Mom, you always say that when I die outside
Now I'm finally going to die.
Will you be happy?
Hello 119?
Can you come and collect my body?
Excuse me?
New Year's Eve
Let you do such ashes
But I think
If anyone sees my body
Will not have a good year
family
My mom loves me very much
He will come to pick me up soon.
Little boy
Remember to be obedient when you go to your uncle's house in the future, okay?
Um, mom, are you still going to pick me up?
Of course mom's coming to get you!
After mom gives birth to a younger brother
Mom, I'll be back to pick you up, okay?
You are mom's little baby
Let's go with uncle
Go faster
But when I was 18, my mother didn't come to pick me up.
Until my uncle died
In the summer, you go to kowtow to your uncle and aunt to make amends
I'm not going.
His death is his retribution
Xiao Tian, you broom star
If you hadn't gone out and run around at night
You have to come to you
How could he have been hit by a car?
Why didn't you kill it?
Mom, why can't you ask me?
Help! What did he do to me?
You want to die?
Mom, why don't you ask me?
Why would he do that to me?
He has been here for 14 years
Do you want to piss off your mother?
Your uncle has died because of you
What else do you want?
Mom?
Are you coming to pick me up?
No, Mom.
I don't want to go home with you anymore.
If there is an afterlife
Mom, I don't want to be your daughter anymore